[Music] Do
you think people want us to see
Benita's thing or
not? I think so, if you feel like it, Benita, I do
n't know, but I can't say what I
really think because since you can't
say it anymore these days, it's not worth it for me.
Benita. Would Benita return to the Channel? Benita
was here one day, I mean, Benita
knows
me. I've seen that she blocked me on
Twitter, but come on, a kiss.
Benita blocked you all of a sudden? I mean, no, no, not
before, but now I'm blocked. I
want to be able to relive the moment. Do you
think we should relive the moment with
Benita? Okay, the one you Well, you messed up.
In fact, I mean, this is what I was going to tell you that
you were a witness to? No, it's not that you
were a witness, it's that you messed up. I mean,
this was what this
meeting was why was it that? It wouldn't be, it was a
fantasy of live, I mean, it was a
fantasy, it was an event that was an award
for Marta, it was no, eh Yes, among others, it
was an award. And there we were, we were
with Gustavo with Marta, that was when she
did the thing with the glasses because the
teacher, I  Benit laughed at him she
made a joke about his glasses in
her 40's section or something like that or that she
made a joke about his
physique look at you and Ah that's good that was one
of the things that I threw in her face
because it's that look I have to you about one
thing while the clp appears to me they're
asking me Who is Benita Benita
is eem already eh is the teacher already who
is now Benita because well she explained she already told
in the Dancing with the
Stars of Dance program that he eh Like he
had always felt like a woman and and
well that he has taken the step not since that
like that small internal transformation
and well he has said that they
can call him in both ways because of
course the name teacher and well we
already know then Benita well
people say Who is Benita teacher I
all know him So they can
call him in both ways but from
now on he is Vita Because his mother's name was
like that I had to
tell you let's see No it's not that it bothers me
Really because  it's not a problem of mine, it's
something that obviously affects me,
pardon the expression, but I'm going to
try to download it so you
can expand on it, but look, I knew
Dara because I made some videos
defending her from the master Joo who
said, I'm not going to use the word because I don't
remember, I remember, but now they get along
well, eh, it seems to me, that's what I was going to
tell you, that I'm crazy about
now, for example, with this thing about Benita,
well, a couple of days ago I saw on
Adara's Twitter that she answered
a tweet, she said to her, Benita, darling, how
proud I am of you, I don't know, I don't know how much. And
then it freaks me out to see that people,
people make peace with each other and all that
stuff, but the master, I was very,
very intense, I mean, I don't know how he didn't
sue me, eh, I mean, he was very, very intense, very
insulting,
eh, the word with which I
would describe him best, I avoid saying it, but
very insulting, very offensive, he became
very obsessed with her, he would stick to her
all day, retweet insects, for
example, and he said they were Adara, eh, the
girl melted the  save me from Lu with a
suit of this transparency and he
took and put an emoji of a pig with
a thong to say that it was Dara or rather it
became tremendous no and and that was when
I met her that she I don't know if she
followed me for that video or for another one that I
was commenting something about her with Gian
Marco you know but now I see her there
interacting there chill with Ay que te
quiero I don't know what cuá And it's like my goodness
Ah there is no friend I mean really no Of course yes
no let's see I have also fought very
intensely with many people and then over
time well cool things down and And yes it
is true that I am very
forgiving but of course since I have not seen what has
been What has been that series of
events that there have been in between for
which they have fixed it shocks me a
little you know I mean because I go I have not
seen it there an apology an
acknowledgment a I went too far you know the guy
is a the
guy how he has messed with Olga
How he has messed with Rocío how he has
messed and everything and everything to play in favor
of work because it was  that was interesting and
you're jumping on the wagons I mean, he
gave Rocío the handkerchief to Rocío Flores he
gave her the handkerchief then he messed with
her with Olga he posted disgusting things on Twitter
no she doesn't have a [ __ ] No a
doll without a [ __ ] I don't know what like Yeah but you
see how life is that then all
that is rewarded it's forgotten and they reward those of us who
go with what we think with what with what we
feel no I mean
these people are doing better you know it's
impressive it's impressive they must
also have or a very good representative
very good contacts eh Yes that's what I
always say I have copied me that's what
yes yes yes let's let's see what
comes okay let's see this moment
debate and now we see the current one we have to
respect and each one has their opinion and
probably others are facing each other
because one is from Atletico and another is from
Madrid and so on but I think that doesn't
give rise to people having to stop
loving yes or being because it is we have to
respect the opinions of others I
have mine I say it and that's it
Tell me teacher, do you hear me talking about
talking about respect
eh What  opinion do you think I deserve
when I see you for example the other day
on the 40 principales making fun of
Marta's eyes and teeth is that it
is an absolute lie well that it is a
lie already already well that to the people who have
talked about them without knowing it without having seen it they have to
see that it is a joke
that we make saying if she will be an
alien or not will she be an
alien because she has
eyes like that eyelashes who sees that Cos
is has a Mental Health problem who
sees another
thing she grabs onto whatever But
anyone recorded
mauer that is what I am telling you to see it that is why I
am telling you to see it
that you get upset and see it if I see
everything and you will see if I also remember
when you messed with the physicist and you peep
with a thong with a pig and a Tang
walking so much memory that is why I remember
that you put me in green so that they talk
about you I am giving you a minute of
Gloria but the minute is over already okay
nice by okay okay okay
yes good debate this eh What a shame that
What a shame that he got cold feet I agree a little
with what  what the Indian said
But well, now we get into Jardines, it goes
up a little, it has changed It's that I tell you
this because you know what happens, I
think it's fashion and nonsense to get
attention and to always have something
but it makes me angry because because the people who
really do it, which is a lot,
because they really feel it because this is
seen that it is part of a performance
because the master Yao is a very good
showman or whatever, he is very good And that
must be recognized and it makes me angry
the people who live it, who suffer it, who
cry for it on networks and who venerate it because no, it
is not real and it is very noticeable that it is
part of a show then it makes me angry the
people who go like a sheep, applaud it
and as if to say something You know and the people
who really feel it, truly
please, I mean, it is, it is, let's go, it's that there is no
more to continue that day you did not sleep
Javi with that minute of Gloria no, well,
well, well, a huge success No but look at you
eh, I mean, I'm telling him days Before he had
been in the 40 principales and he
had messed with Marta Riesco with the
eyes teeth that if she was very ugly or
cross-eyed or something like that no And the answer to
fix the answer instead of
telling me well look Maybe a live I
was
unlucky that you have a
Mental Health problem take eh no for me she has
never been a good person Now the image that she is giving has seen tel 5 closed and has said I am going to whiten my image at all levels and she has achieved it, I mean it is great she has achieved it to be on Spanish television in all the
programs in a section in a
musical program giving out awards she has
whitened and has used all
possible strategies to whiten herself eh it
compensates perfectly to whoever it compensates I
said I prefer to be real than to put on those
shows to be on four programs and
earn that I really tell you
Honestly eh So that's it that she
gets the applause from the networks of the
majority of the people who make noise and who
automatically believe the same type of
perfect I can't handle that type of
things It is that in addition it is noticeable that it is not
real and it is noticeable alegias with a little bit of
common sense I do not know who her
representative is I do not know if  It's José Muro I don't
know Ah no this genius this genius that I
know them are good people Eh To me they
try they are good people they are good
people talking about that
I made the transition with all of Spain it
also means Of course it's that when I
start I am not a girl from a neighborhood that
the neighbors know it changes
neighborhood and and since the change is not seen or
where it came from but you have known me
since before since forever then you
are living the whole transition
with me and what I say is that I count on
all the affection all the respect and all the
love of the people of the people not from the
groups of the acronyms of those
groups I have not received nor Good
afternoon nor lack that it matters to me at this
point nor lack that it matters to me but
all that about that oh Oh
I don't know what phobia Oh I have not
lived it no it no no no me no no I have not
felt any support no
one has called me some friend How are you And
how are you And how are you but for me to
say let's see it's an age Maybe you
need some kind of information
support help from I don't know I don't know I have
had from the people of you, from the
ordinary people, from the young boy, from the
girl, from the student, from the grandfather, from the
grandmother, from the mother who has that yes, every
day the affection that is what
matters to me, that Because the other one, I have not
received anything nor do I want to know
absolutely nothing because that way of
behaving does not
represent me, but if it is his, I mean, this is it, let's go, he is
rejecting the
LGBTI community that I have seen ino. Yes, I do
explain to you, I mean, on social networks it
seems to me mu I'm listening, eh, I'm going to get
up for a moment but I'm
listening to you Yes, yes, you can go, eh, it's not a
joke, my goodness, eh That's how I'm
staying with what I
'm seeing, what he is implying is that, eh, as a
result of giving the news publicly in
an official way, eh Well, about how he
feels and and well, that now it is
Benita and that well, he has felt he has
a woman inside, So to speak, eh, that he
has received, that he has not received the
support of the LGBTI communities and that
nevertheless he has received the support Well,
from ordinary people, no, and but it
surprises me  because I've read on
social media and people from the collective in
general who comment to him and you can see it
here you can put what he comments
let's say he's practically crying
super identified excited that
a person well of an older age
than usual takes that step that's why that
's what I was criticizing before
that I think it's a performance
then and And you know and he has also
shown himself super grateful on social media he has
shown himself super close so it
seems strange to me uh that he is being a little
impertinent with the collective because he
is putting it a little against him and that's
what was missing or rather a person eh
good a person who takes this step does not
have to blame a
collective that does not support him well
welcome whoever supports you and whoever does not
call you well Hey kid that's not it either There it
seems like he's doing it to get
attention really you know with those types
of statements I no I don't understand it what is that I
really want to say one
thing with all due respect the world is worth or
rather from complete ignorance if there is
someone here from the collective who wants to
clarify for me okay eh Let's see why this
man has like  70 years old or something like that
Look for it, let's not see, well it doesn't matter,
he's like 70 years old, la la you, you, it's so late
when you realize that you didn't
feel, eh man, let's see, I can
answer that, eh also, eh Yes, of course, Yes, yes, I can
answer you, I think there isn't,
eh Let's see, there's also no
specific age to take, eh, x step,
each person's circumstances are
each person's circumstances, yes, it's
true that he always is, it's true, he has been,
she has been very attached to his
mother, his mother was older, each one Well,
then they have a different mentality or they
choose the moment to take the step, eh It
's not the usual thing because it's not the usual thing
But well, people who have a certain
age decide to take that step, it seems
great to me that each one does it
Whenever they want, now, in specific cases
like this, it's
perfectly clear that there is a
show, a performance, and a
marketing strategy that has been
wonderful for them, I do think so in this
specific case, it's noticeable, just like in
other cases, certain things
that are seen from afar are questioned, you don't have to be very
intelligent to realize that, I think
then  well, let him do what he
wants with his life, of course, it doesn't
hurt anyone. In fact, if this helps
someone, it's great for me, even if it's
a performance, I think it's wonderful
because there will be people who have
maybe felt identified, older people or
even kids who follow him. It seems
perfect to me, but it makes me a little sad
that he uses that for his own benefit and it's
also clear that it's going to his benefit
because he has come out as much as
possible, it's coming in great for him at
work, more than what he was already
coming in for and I can't tell you more, I do
n't know, anyway, anyway. Javi, well, okay, I mean,
I respect everyone and that's
it, if he feels like a woman, but of course,
normally, I. Well, I don't know if it's
normally okay, but of course, when
a person comes out of the closet, okay, I mean,
he had already recognized himself as homosexual,
but when a person comes out of the closet,
which is usually the most common thing, I think
I'm not wrong in saying that it usually happens
at maybe 20 or 25 years old, things like that,
sometimes in adolescence,
sometimes not, but normally his family
usually says, I know, I've always known, no,
because in the end, of course, each one then
the  Of course 70 years no I mean in 70 years
in your life now suddenly you
realize that you felt like a woman And before you haven't
felt like that I mean I don't know of course it's like
Well I think I think that in fact this
was like that real I think he has
known it he has always said that he has
felt like a folkloric I have
been telling him this many times but from there to I do
n't know that's why he has said it strikes me
that the other day he
said that why can they
continue to call him maestro Joa no Of course
because the name sells more I'm going to
take it there because as I tell you that in his
specific case I think that it is more of
a performance But well well Ah he is 61
years old Ah well well I thought he
was older Look I thought he had
forgiveness
[Music]